automating Windows 8 installation hello
and welcome to our series of demos about
installing Windows 8 I'll start by
showing you a basic installation
normally to install windows you'd put in
the DVD and answer several questions
I'll show you how to automate this
process by putting those answers onto a
file on a USB Drive this way you won't
have to keep answering these same
questions each time you install windows
on a new computer
start by getting the sample answer files
from this website these sample answer
files are also on the windows 8 opk DVD
if you're not sure which one to use
start with 64-bit UEFI for a new
computer or 64-bit bias for an older
computer if you're still not sure
contact your hardware manufacturer
you'll want to customize the sample
answer file with your support
information adding the support
information is required to deploy a
license compliant version of Windows
next at a product key for the addition
of Windows 8 you want to install like
Windows 8 pro a product key can be used
in this setting many times in different
installations and is not used to
activate windows
store the file on the root of the USB
Drive
you must rename the file to Auto
unattended so the windows installer will
be able to locate it
now we're ready to go put the windows
DVD and the USB drive into a new
computer and start it up windows goes
through its installation without asking
any questions when the installation is
done the setup windows screen appears
this is called the out of box experience
or Ruby for short don't complete the
ooby for your customer let them do this
you could turn off the computer now by
pressing and holding the power button no
shutdown is required it's ready to go
but we're going to keep going and make
more changes I'll press control shift f3
to go into audit mode audit mode signs
you into the administrator account the
computer reboots again and this time the
Start screen appears if you click the
desktop you'll see the system
preparation tool also known as sysprep
I'll leave sysprep running for now
in audit mode you can customize your
computer with Windows updates apps
drivers or languages that your customers
might need
you
when you're done you can set sysprep to
restart the computer to be and then shut
down
now you can send the computer to your
customer along with the Windows DVD and
the individual product key when your
customer starts up the computer for the
first time windows will ask for this key
in the next demos I'll show you how to
make more customizations create and use
images for faster deployment and setup
recovery tools